Emulator Project
================
I don't have a witty name for this...  This repository contains all the things necessary for making a working Retroarch emulator that fits inside a DMG GameBoy, -or- later, a custom casing with added awesomeness.
Below are the projects which have been used to build this one...

###What changed?
Here's a list of the changes made to the original Adafruit code.
 -Added a new I/O type.  Support for the Pixel interface board.
 -10-retrogame.rules added.  Just copy it into the `/etc/udev/rules.d/` folder!
 -Added retrogame.sh, it's a really handy sysV start script for retrogame!
 -TODO: recompile new retrogame with Pixel interface board support.
Adafruit-Retrogame
==================

Raspberry Pi GPIO-to-USB utility for classic game emulators.

How-to: http://learn.adafruit.com/retro-gaming-with-raspberry-pi

Pre-built version supports the default pin/key mapping shown in the tutorial. For other layouts, edit retrogame.c.

### RetroPie 2.0+ Compatibility

Note that by default retrogame won't work with SDL2 applications that depend on evdev for input events.  Specifically this means applications like the latest version of RetroPie and EmulationStation won't be able to see key events generated by retrogame.  However you can fix this issue by adding a small custom udev rule to make retrogame keyboard events visible to SDL2.

Connect to your Raspberry Pi in a terminal/SSH session and execute the following command to create and edit the file /etc/udev/rules.d/10-retrogame.rules:

```bash
sudo nano /etc/udev/rules.d/10-retrogame.rules
```

Once the nano text editor loads, copy this single line into the file:

```bash
SUBSYSTEM=="input", ATTRS{name}=="retrogame", ENV{ID_INPUT_KEYBOARD}="1"
```

Save the file by pressing Ctrl-O and enter, then press Ctrl-x to exit.  Restart your Raspberry Pi and run retrogame again, now button presses should register in SDL2 applications like the EmulationStation frontend to RetroPie
